So, I was definitely wearing a leather vest
with no shirt. I had chaps on at some point,
but I probably ended up in black underwear.
I was wearing a black bra. It may or may not
have been PVC, that part I don’t remember. A
pair of black, knee-high boots, and a vintage,
pink-satin garter belt. The sort of mix of current
and vintage. I mean, it was the new millennium,
so it was still a little late ’90s vibe.
We’re like classic butch and femme,
right? Leather and lace. Tough and sweet.
We would have gotten dressed together,
so it would have been a, “What do you think about
this?” There was definitely a little bit of sex
club chic in our minds as we got dressed.
Or, at least our version of it at the time.